Android sdk (#292)
Concordium/concordium-java-sdk: README.md

The output will be a header file, the contents hereof must be matched appropriately as described in the [documentation](https://docs.rs/jni/0.19.0/jni/) into the [lib.rs](crypto-jni/src/lib.rs) rust source file.

> ## Android

Reviewer: Perhaps mention the minimum supported android version.

To build the android AAR package, one has to do the following:

> 1. Clone this repositry and remember to update submodules, for example when cloning via

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Clone this repository and remember to update git submodules, for example when cloning via
```

> 1. Clone this repository and remember to update git submodules, for example when cloning via

Reviewer: Are there any prerequisites for building the `.aar` file? E.g. `cargo-ndk` ?

Author: Yes :disappointed:
I've added a step to add cargo-ndk, and added more about the Android SDK requirement.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Concordium/concordium-java-sdk.git --recurse-submodules
```
2. Set the ANDROID_HOME environment variable to the path to your android SDK installation.
3. Run `make add-android-targets` from the root of this repository.
4. Run `make android` from the root of this repository.
5. Run `mvn install` from the root of the [concordium-android-sdk](./concordium-android-sdk) folder.

`make add-android-targets` adds the rust targets that the native libraries will be built for.
`make android` builds the native libraries for various targets.
And the final step builds the aar file `concordium-android-sdk.aar` in the [target](./concordium-android-sdk/target)  folder, which can be used in android projects.

> For the library to work on android, the following packages must be added to the project (Shown in the gradle style)

Reviewer: Would it make sense to build a package where the dependencies are included?

Author: No, As far as I can tell, it seems against best practice, and we should look to deploy it on maven and declare the dependencies there. 
But I just added like this for now. :thinking:
